0->Compose a healthcare note that encapsulates all the relevant information in a verbal exchange between a doctor and a patient. Adhere to standard recommendations for structuring clinical notes, considering parts such as the History of the Present Illness (HPI), a Review of Systems (ROS), conclusions from a Physical Examination (PE), lab and imaging results, and other relevant tests, and finally the doctor's Assessment and treatment Plan (A/P). As a way to aid you in the wrtiting of the note, you'll also be provided with an example note. Use it as a way to know the proper structure you should use.
----------
1->Draft a medical note for an encounter between a healthcare provider and a patient. Attend to the most relevant information from a transcript of the conversation, identifying key clinical concepts such as medications, diseases, conditions, injuries, signs and symptoms. Structure the note according to standard formats, such as SOAP (subjective, objective, assessment and plan) or APSO (assessment, plan, subjective, objective). Be thorough, clear, and brief. You'll also be provided with an example note so you can know the structure we are looking for in the note.
----------
2->Your task concerns summarizing the transcript of a dialogue between a doctor and a patient, collected in the context of a clinical encounter. Start by briefly describing the main presenting issues, and then organize the relevant elements expressed in the conversation clearly and consistently. Be sure to describe the patient’s chief complaints, including onset, chronology, quality, and severity, taking as basis what the patient tells to the doctor about how he feels and what happened. Register also the measurable and objective facts about the patient’s status, such as vital signs or other findings, as observed by the doctor. Include the doctor's interpretation, in the form of complete list of diagnoses together with additional relevant attributes. Finally, document the treatment plan, including further investigations deemed necessary, referral procedures, new medications, or other prescribed therapies.

REPHRASED INSTRUCTION: 

1. Briefly describe the patient's chief complaints, including the onset, chronology, quality, and severity of their symptoms.
2. Organize the relevant elements of the conversation in a clear and consistent manner.
3. Describe the patient's chief complaints, including the onset, chronology, quality, and severity of their symptoms.
4. Register the measurable and objective facts about the patient's status, such as vital signs or other findings, as observed by the doctor.
5. Include the doctor's interpretation, in the form of a complete list of diagnoses together with additional relevant attributes.
6. Document the treatment plan, including further investigations deemed necessary, referral
----------
3-> Document the patient's main complaint and relevant medical history. Present objective and measurable findings, the doctor's assessment, and the corresponding diagnosis. Outline the strategy for medication management and the follow-up plan for patient monitoring.
----------
