0->Evaluate the semantic entailment between individual sections of Clinical Trial Reports (CTRs) and statements issued by clinical domain experts. CTRs detail the methodology and outcomes of clinical trials, appraising the efficacy and safety of new treatments. The statements assert claims about the information within specific sections of CTRs, for a single CTR or making a comparative analysis of two CTRs. For entailment validation, the statement's claim should align with clinical trial information, finding support in the CTR and not contradicting any of the provided descriptions.
----------
1-> Evaluate the semantic entailment between individual sections of Clinical Trial Reports (CTRs) and statements issued by clinical domain experts. CTRs detail the methodology and outcomes of clinical trials, appraising the efficacy and safety of new treatments. The statements assert claims about the information within specific sections of CTRs, for a single CTR or making a comparative analysis of two CTRs. For entailment validation, the statement's claim should align with clinical trial information, finding support in the CTR and not contradicting any of the provided descriptions.
----------
2->Evaluate the semantic entailment between individual sections of Clinical Trial Reports (CTRs) and statements issued by clinical domain experts. CTRs detail the methodology and outcomes of clinical trials, appraising the efficacy and safety of new treatments. The statements, on the other hand, assert claims about the information within specific sections of CTRs, for a single CTR or making a comparative analysis of two CTRs. For entailment validation, the statement's claim should align with clinical trial information, finding support in the CTR and not contradicting any of the provided descriptions.
----------
3->Evaluate the semantic entailment between individual sections of Clinical Trial Reports (CTRs) and statements issued by clinical domain experts. CTRs detail the methodology and outcomes of clinical trials, appraising the efficacy and safety of new treatments. The statements assert claims about the information within specific sections of CTRs, for a single CTR or making a comparative analysis of two CTRs. For entailment validation, the statement's claim should align with clinical trial information, finding support in the CTR and not contradicting any of the provided descriptions.

REWRITTEN INSTRUCTIONS:

1. Evaluate the semantic entailment between individual sections of Clinical Trial Reports (CTRs) and statements issued by clinical domain experts.
2. CTRs detail the methodology and outcomes of clinical trials, appraising the efficacy and safety of new treatments.
3. The statements assert claims about the information within specific sections of CTRs, for a single CTR or making a comparative analysis of two CTRs.
4. For entailment validation, the statement's claim should align with clinical trial information, finding support in the CTR and not contradicting any of the provided descriptions.

5. Evaluate the semantic entailment between individual sections of Clinical Trial Reports (CTRs) and statements issued by clinical domain experts.
6. CTRs detail the methodology and outcomes of clinical trials, appraising the efficacy and safety of new treatments.
7. The statements assert claims about the information within specific sections of CTRs,
----------
