0-> Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.
----------
1->Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.
----------
2-> Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent, ensuring that all relevant details from both descriptions are included, regardless of whether this makes the final instruction longer, and providing a comprehensive guide for task execution that is detailed enough to cater to experts in the field, ensuring they have all the information needed to perform the task efficiently.
----------
3->Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.

REPHRASED INSTRUCTION:

1. Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.

2. Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.

3. Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.

4. Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.

5. Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.

6. Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best elements from each while preserving their meaning and intent.

7. Merge the two textual descriptions for the same problem by rephrasing the main information that is common to both descriptions, using the best
----------
